feat: initial implementation of `bazel-module` manager (#21893)
renovatebot/renovate: lib/modules/manager/bazel-module/readme.md

Reviewer: Please add the current limitations you have referred on Slack here.

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
!!! warning
    The `bazel-module` manager is work-in-progress.
    For more information, see [issue 13658](https://github.com/renovatebot/renovate/issues/13658).

> The `bazel-module` manager supports the maintenance of [Bazel module (bzlmod)](https://bazel.build/external/module) enabled workspaces.

Reviewer 2: Does the new feature support all things that people can put in a `bzlmod` file that are relevant here. Or are there missing things?

I'm basically asking if we need to expand the docs with "known limitations". 😉

Author: I can add sentence stating what is supported.

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
!!! warning
    The `bazel-module` manager is a work-in-progress.

>     It is currently disabled.

Reviewer 2: Do you _really_ mean that the `bazel-module` manager is disabled? That would mean this is a feature which never works...

I guess you mean this:

```suggestion
    By default, this manager is disabled.
    You can opt-in by INSERT INSTRUCTIONS HERE.
```

Author: I don't want anyone to use it. I will enable it with a follow-on PR. I want some additional features merged before the public uses it. I did not include all of the other features to keep this PR a reasonable size.

>     The manager only supports processing of `bazel_dep` declarations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    The manager only supports updating `bazel_dep` declarations.
```

Can we also simplify here?

    For more information, see [issue 13658](https://github.com/renovatebot/renovate/issues/13658).

> The `bazel-module` manager supports the maintenance of [Bazel module (bzlmod)](https://bazel.build/external/module) enabled workspaces.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `bazel-module` manager can update [Bazel module (bzlmod)](https://bazel.build/external/module) enabled workspaces.
```

Can we simplify and be more accurate by saying `can update`?

> _NOTE: The `bazel-module` manager is currently a work-in-progress. For more information, please see
> [the tracking issue]._

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<!-- prettier-ignore -->
!!! warning
    The `bazel-module` manager is work-in-progress.
    For more information, see [issue 13658](https://github.com/renovatebot/renovate/issues/13658).
```
